Adds Robin Boundary Condition to `linearfvbcs` (#30867)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/linearfvbcs/LinearFVAdvectionDiffusionFunctorRobinBC.md

# LinearFVAdvectionDiffusionFunctorRobinBC

## Description

`LinearFVAdvectionDiffusionFunctorRobinBC` specifies a canonical Robin or mixed boundary condition, i.e.
a linear combination of the normal gradient of a field and the field's value at a given boundary. 
The boundary condition is specified using three functors $\alpha$, $\beta$, and $\gamma$ that represent
the boundary condition based on the following expression

!equation
\alpha \nabla \phi_b \cdot \hat{n}_b + \beta \phi_b = \gamma

> where $\nabla \phi_b$ and $\phi_b$ are the field gradient and value at the boundary $b$ respectively, and
> $\hat{n} _b$ is the normal at the boundary $b$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $\nabla \phi_b$, $\phi_b$, and
$\hat{n} _b$  are the field gradient, value and the normal at the boundary $b$.
```

!alert note
This boundary condition should only be used for problems which involve advection and/or diffusion
problems.

!alert note
If the coefficient $\alpha \: \rightarrow 0$, certain terms in this boundary condition tend to
infinity/`NaN`, which will prevent simulations from converging. If you are manually setting 

> $\alpha$ to zero, consider using `LinearFVAdvectionDiffusionFunctorDirichletBC` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$\alpha$ to zero, consider using [LinearFVAdvectionDiffusionFunctorDirichletBC.md] instead. Similaryly, if
$\beta$ is zero consider using [LinearFVAdvectionDiffusionFunctorNeumannBC.md].
```

## Example Syntax

> In this example the functor is defined using a [MooseParsedFunction.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the functors are defined using [MooseParsedFunction.md].
```

> !listing test/tests/linearfvbcs/diffusion-2d-robin.i block=LinearFVBCs

Reviewer: Assuming more tests will come for different bcs, let's move these files to `test/tests/linearfvbcs/robin`.
